Private key seeds (#20)
cose-wg/draft-ietf-cose-dilithium: draft-ietf-cose-dilithium.md

Note that FIPS 204 defines 2 expressions for private keys: a seed, and a private key that is expanded from the seed.

Unlike {{-ML-DSA-CERTS}}, this document specifies ML-DSA private information using only the seed.

> For the ML-DSA private keys described in this document, the "priv" parameter MUST be the seed, and MUST have a length of 32 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the ML-DSA private keys described in this document, the `priv` parameter MUST be the seed, and MUST have a length of 32 bytes.
```

Section 7.2 of FIPS-204 describes the encoding of ML-DSA keys and signatures.
The "pub" key parameter MUST be validated according to the pkEncode and pkDecode algorithms before being used.

> For the ML-DSA algorithms registered in this document, the "priv" key parameter is a seed, and as such only a length check MUST be performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the ML-DSA algorithms registered in this document, the "priv" key parameter is the seed, and therefore, only a length check MUST be performed.
```

> For the ML-DSA algorithms registered in this document, the "priv" key parameter is the seed, and therefore, only a length check MUST be performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the ML-DSA algorithms registered in this document, the `priv` key parameter is the seed, and therefore, only a length check MUST be performed.
```
